Marcio/Notifications-new-content (#2343)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/fundamentals/src/content/notifications/create-pagerduty.md

> ---

Reviewer: Should the filename follow the first heading text? I'd rename it to `configure-pagerduty.md`, since we're creating the file.

Author: done

order: 7
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

# Configure PagerDuty

Cloudflare’s Notification service supports routing notifications to PagerDuty. By sending notifications to PagerDuty you can leverage the same service definitions and escalation paths that you would for other third-party services that you connect to PagerDuty.

> When a configuration you previously set up trigger a notification for PagerDuty, Cloudflare will send the notification to PagerDuty on your behalf. All the PagerDuty services set for the notification will receive the notification. PagerDuty will follow the service’s configuration to handle the notification appropriately. Actions like de-duping and rate limiting are handled on a per notification type basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a configuration you previously set up triggers a notification for PagerDuty, Cloudflare will send the notification to PagerDuty on your behalf. All the PagerDuty services set for the notification will receive the notification. PagerDuty will follow the service’s configuration to handle the notification appropriately. Actions like de-duping and rate limiting depend on the notification type.
```

To use PagerDuty as a connected service, you first need to [sign up for a PagerDuty account](https://www.pagerduty.com/sign-up/).

<Aside type="note">

> According to PagerDuty, you need an account with the following permissions to add a connected service: User, Admin, Manager, Global Admin or Account Owner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to PagerDuty, you need an account with the following permissions to add a connected service: User, Admin, Manager, Global Admin, or Account Owner. 
```

Cloudflare accounts need at least one Business or Enterprise zone to be able to connect to PagerDuty.

</Aside>

## Connect PagerDuty to a Cloudflare account

> 1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account / domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account.
```
